check out this week's must-see movies
it's my sister you're having a Christmas
party tonight an office manager throws
an epic rager to save his failing
company in the holiday comedy office
Christmas party these dreams that we
keep running into each other maybe it
means something I doubt it yeah from the
creator of whiplash comes lala land a
romantic musical that will have your
toes tapping people like to believe in
fairy attacks the biographical drama
Jackie explores the icons life in the
wake of the Kennedy assassination if you
split the storm there won't be another
camera here's this week's fan tissa
patient
[Music]
so what's your weekend to get going to
be let us know by commenting below see
you next time on weekend ticket
[Music]
[Applause]